README.md, before:

# Project Management

This repository contains issues that have been raised for Galasa. These issues might be about bugs, enhancements, or requests. If you find a bug whilst you are using Galasa, hit an error, or think of a change or enhancement you'd like to see, check this repository to see if there's a similar issue already raised. If you find one, feel free to add more information. If there isn't a similar issue listed, then feel free to create one! Find out how in the [Contributing to Galasa guidelines](https://github.com/galasa-dev/projectmanagement/blob/main/contributing.md).

## Documentation

More information can be found on the [Galasa Homepage](https://galasa.dev). Post any of your questions about Galasa on the <a href="https://join.slack.com/t/galasa/shared_invite/zt-ele2ic8x-VepEO1o13t4Jtb3ZuM4RUA" target="_blank"> Galasa Slack channel</a> - just register to join. 

## Where can I get the latest release?

Find out how to install the Galasa Eclipse plug-in from our [Installing the Galasa plug-in](https://galasa.dev/docs/getting-started/installing) documentation.

Other Galasa repositories are available on [GitHub](https://github.com/galasa-dev).

Commit message:

Remove out of date release procedure
Also fixes link in readme

See #1991

Signed-off-by: James Taylor <jamest@uk.ibm.com>

README.md, after:

# Project Management

This repository contains issues that have been raised for Galasa. These issues might be about bugs, enhancements, or requests. If you find a bug whilst you are using Galasa, hit an error, or think of a change or enhancement you'd like to see, check this repository to see if there's a similar issue already raised. If you find one, feel free to add more information. If there isn't a similar issue listed, then feel free to create one! Find out how in the [Contributing to Galasa guidelines](https://github.com/galasa-dev/projectmanagement/blob/main/contributing.md).

Other Galasa repositories are available on [GitHub](https://github.com/galasa-dev). 

## Documentation

More information can be found on the [Galasa Homepage](https://galasa.dev). Post any of your questions about Galasa on the <a href="https://join.slack.com/t/galasa/shared_invite/zt-ele2ic8x-VepEO1o13t4Jtb3ZuM4RUA" target="_blank"> Galasa Slack channel</a> - just register to join. 

## Where can I get the latest release?

Find out about the latest release in our [Galasa release highlights](https://galasa.dev/releases).
